** Ave
** Verum corpus
** Natum **
Lieutenant.
Take a breath
and start over.
You need to see this, Captain.
One of our
radar satellites picked it up.
It's a ship. A large one.
Over 1,000 feet.
Is it transmitting?
Negative.
Its transponder
seems to be off.
It won't respond to any
of our contact requests.
Could be a Kuznetsov.
That close to shore?
Undetected?
Aircraft carriers don't
just appear out of nowhere.
Whoa.
And they sure as hell
don't disappear into thin air.
I've got another one.
Same size.
Bearing 183 degrees.
Traveling 22 knots.
No active transponder.
26 miles east
of the last one.
Has to be a technical issue,
right?
Well, we're not taking any
chances. Scramble a Hornet.
I want a pilot to tell me
what he sees.
Captain, radar satellites
are picking up an incoming
projectile mid-flight.
Looks like
a cruise missile inbound.
Our missile warning satellites
didn't pick up the launch.
We can try to confirm
with ground-based radar
if there's time.
How fast is it traveling?
Bearing 1-7-9 degrees
at Mach 5.5.
Get STRATCOM
on the line now.
And call Space Command,
see what they know.
Calculating. At that distance,
we have 52 seconds to impact.
STRATCOM on line five,
Captain!
This is Captain Ridge.
We got warning
of an inbound missile
but no indication of launch.
You guys seeing anything?
No.
That's a negative, sir.
Stand by.
19 seconds to impact!
Space Command reports
all systems nominal, sir.
No solar flares
or weather events.
Close the blast doors!
Everybody take cover!
Blast positions!
10 seconds!
Nine, eight, seven...
...six, five, four,
three, two, one.
****
Ladies and gentlemen, this
concludes our demonstration.
The bidding will be open
for 36 hours,
beginning now.
****
I have to say,
I was surprised by your call.
I've never met Governor Nance.
I didn't realize
he knew anything about me.
Only a handful of people know
what I'm about to tell you,
so whatever happens here,
we're assuming
your discretion.
After 41 years of
public service,
Senator Warwick
has decided to retire.
I'm sorry to hear that,
but I'm still not sure
how that connects
to the Governor's
Legislative Director
asking me to breakfast.
Once Senator Warwick
steps down,
the Governor
will have the authority
to appoint his replacement.
Your name came up.
Me?
You've had a distinguished
military career,
followed by a long
and, from what I hear,
exemplary run
at the Bureau.
You're serious?
The Governor's actually
considering this?
He's a good man, Harold.
He's looking for
the right person.
Whatever good you're doing
at the Bureau,
think about how much more
you could accomplish
in the Senate.
Real change
on a national level.
You earned
this opportunity.
The people of Virginia
need you.
And what do you need?
Permission.
To consider you
for the position.
But I need to know
you'll say yes
if we go
in your direction.
Senator?
I wasn't aware you had
political ambitions.
I don't, but apparently,
the Governor thinks I should.
Well, what does
Charlene think?
I haven't told her yet.
You're telling me
before telling your wife?
Harold, please tell me
there's no trouble
in paradise.
No. I value your opinion.
And I already know
what she thinks,
the Governor's got
an ulterior motive.
I've always said
you married up.
So he's interested in me for
more than my undeniable charm.
I'm Black.
I'm law enforcement.
I check some boxes.
Is that so bad?
Not those boxes, no.
But I'm in another one
of your boxes, Harold,
and if the Governor
knows that,
he may be under
the false impression
that you are prone
to moral ambiguity.
Because I work with you.
Mm.
Because you put up with me.
Who I am, what I do.
Because at times, you...
Look the other way.
I choose
the greater good.
Which I see as admirable,
and the Governor may see
as situational.
Clamato, Clamahto.
Tornado, typhoon.
Let's talk about
why I called.
What do you know
about the National
Reconnaissance Office?
I know it took
over 30 years
for the government
to admit it exists.
Mr. Ogden Greeley
works with them
as a defense contractor.
Or he did. Five days ago,
he went missing.
Greeley has
SAP-level clearance.
Everything there is to know
about this country's
satellite technology,
he knows it.
The CIA assumed
he was abducted,
possibly by the Iranians
or the Russians.
That would be an act of war.
If it had actually happened.
The truth, I'm afraid,
is even more disturbing.
Associates of mine
in the Middle East
forwarded me a communique,
one that I'm sure the people
in your intelligence community
will hear about in short order
if they haven't already.
I am a patriot.
I have tried and failed
to convince
those charged with
keeping America safe
to act responsibly.
As a result, I have come to
believe that the only way
to address our security issues
is to exploit them,
to show the bureaucrats
through military defeat
the flaws they are too blind
to see on paper.
I have decided to sell
my knowledge
of the vulnerabilities
present in our
satellite systems
to the highest bidder.
Greeley said he's taking bids.
Who from?
Well, there's the rub.
North Korea,
Russia, and Iran?
Those are the countries
Reddington knows about.
We have to assume
there are others,
as well as any number
of individual bad actors.
The National
Reconnaissance Office.
I've never heard of them.
For good reason.
They design, build,
launch, and maintain
all of America's
spy satellites.
They're the backbone
of U.S. national security.
Radar, radio,
military cell transmissions,
the intel every
Pentagon general
and soldier in the field
depends on
to defend this country.
Yeah,
but Greeley's former NSA.
He's got a wife and kids
in Bethesda.
Lifers like him don't
usually just wake up
and decide
to betray their country.
Find the wife.
See what she knows.
Agent Mojtabai and I will
reach out to the NRO and CIA,
warn them about what's coming.
How much time do we have?
Reddington says bidding ends
in 13 hours.
****
Sorry. It's a bit of
a war zone in here today.
No problem,
Mrs. Greeley.
We're sorry to take
more of your time.
Agents from the Bureau
were here
and some other people
from the NRO.
Yes, we know. We're with
a specialized task force.
Look, I want to help,
but like I said,
Ogden didn't talk
about his work.
Whoever has him,
the Russians or...
If he tells them
what they want to know,
there's no reason
to hurt him, right?
They'll let him go?
We believe it's possible
that he wasn't taken,
that he chose to disappear
and that he's selling
classified intelligence.
Ogden? That's not possible.
W-Why do you
believe that?
Did you see anything or hear
anything that might help us?
Can you think of anywhere
he might be hiding?
He's not hiding.
If he's not here,
it's because he can't be.
Ogden is a good man.
I know it's hard to imagine
he would betray his country...
Not just his country.
His family.
No. Ogden loves us.
I know my husband.
He's a good man.
Is it done?
Mm-hmm.
****
You're back.
Oh!
The Cape May Warbler.
Anna, right?
Anne.
Meeting your friends
again?
Escaping friends, actually.
And work.
Escaping it all
for today.
You picked the right place
for that.
Oh, you're an artist.
Heavens no.
I'm not fast enough
to finish most.
Sometimes I just draw the nests.
I like their nests.
Funny how they go
to all that work,
building a home,
raising a brood,
and then leave it.
It's kind of sad.
But they're fun
to sketch.
May I?
Mm.
****
Oh, I like these
an awful lot.
What is your name again?
Raymond.
Who's this little fella?
Fox sparrow.
Becoming quite rare
in this part of the country.
Lives just
up the way here.
Where?
I could show you.
****
How long were
the two of you married?
Almost 25 years.
Cal died of lung cancer
a month before
our anniversary.
Big smoker.
Some people like
to live dangerously.
Yes. Some do.
****
What do you do?
I'm a fugitive.
Number one on the FBI's
Most Wanted List.
One, huh?
I would've gone
with fourth.
Now you're not just
a stranger,
you're a stranger with
delusions of grandeur.
Do you live near the park?
I live in Kansas.
Little town
north of Wichita.
Wichita. Famous
for their linemen.
Mm.
So, what brings you
to New York City, Anne?
Surely not just the birds.
Show-tune trip.
Cal and I were
real big theater folks.
Anyway, after he passed,
I promised myself
I'd go see some real theater
on Broadway.
So, I clip my coupons,
save up all year,
get myself a little place
at the Sheraton,
and see as many shows
as I can in a week.
What a delightful idea.
Seeing Dear Evan Hansen
tonight.
Last show of the trip.
Is this it?
The residence of our
fox sparrow?
It's where he was
last time.
****
I wonder what it is
about bird-watching.
I find it so
calming.
****
An escape from all the rest
of it, I suppose.
I'd imagine a man
with your profession
must be quite good
at escaping.
Raymond, may I ask you
a personal question?
Anything.
Would you
be interested
in half a chicken salad
sandwich?
I think I would.
Oh. That's my Uber.
Oh.
Ah.
It was so nice
to see you again, Anne.
I hope you enjoy
the show tonight.
Oh, I will.
I'm just sorry we couldn't
find that fox sparrow.
Well, I'll be back
in a month.
Maybe I can
find him then.
Wait.
You don't live here?
Sometimes.
Seems like I'm always
on the move.
Well, aren't I the heel?
I realize I know
nothing about you.
I've been doing
all the talking.
I think it's been
just divine.
Oh!
Ah. I have to take this.
I'm sorry.
Did you speak with Marvin?
Yes. We can cover
the retainer.
Talk to Zurich.
I want to fund the balance
without compromising
any liquidity.
You said you needed one hour.
It's been three.
Has it? Oh, my goodness.
I feel like
a different person.
You're unguarded, Raymond.
It's not safe.
A moment's peace
and an afternoon of freedom
are rewards that
far outweigh the risk.
Just call Zurich and don't
worry about me. I'm fine.
I canceled it.
Curtain time
isn't till 8:00,
and I can get a cab
anytime.
What do you have
in mind?
You. Helping me.
Finding a souvenir
for my sister.
I know an extraordinary
tiny, tiny,
"barely enough room
for the both of us"
chocolate shop about
seven or eight blocks
from here.
Ooh.
Agents Park and
Ressler. Come in, please.
Jim Halloran,
Director of the NRO.
This is Paul Thorn
from the DNI's office.
Thanks for agreeing to meet.
We've seen the recording
Assistant Director Cooper
sent over.
And you believe Greeley
actually has the intel
he's trying to sell?
No question.
Greeley didn't just work
on our satellites.
He helped design the software.
Wrote much of
the code himself.
This country's
national defense
is entirely dependent
on satellite technology.
You realize what kind of
threat we're dealing with?
If we fire a missile,
it's guided by satellites.
When someone fires
a missile at us,
we detect it the same way.
We use them to track
every jet, ship, Humvee,
and soldier we have.
And Greeley can
shut them down?
It's worse than that.
He knows enough to damage
the satellites irreparably.
Greeley's code
is on dozens
of our critical systems.
What if he designed
a back door?
Every asset he touched
could be infiltrated.
He could be
handing our enemies
command and control.
All our data
would be sent to them.
Our drones could be landed
at their airfields.
If they're smart,
they'll make us think
we have accurate intel
when we don't.
Drones and aircraft
can't be very effective
if they're seeing enemy
targets that don't exist.
Or not seeing
enemy targets that do.
If an enemy of
the United States
buys that intel and uses it,
we're looking at a war
we can't win.
I found him!
We asked allied
intelligence agencies
for intel on Greeley,
and they sent us this.
Five months ago,
in a Berlin hotel.
What was he doing there?
Uh, whatever it was,
it, um,
wasn't with his wife.
So much for the devoted
family man. Who's she?
The BND doesn't know.
But I'm running it through
the NSA databases now.
We're gonna need
to move on this
as soon as we get an ID.
Is Mr. Cooper
coming down?
Actually, he went out. Said he
had some personal business.
Personal business? When we're
trying to stop a war in space?
That's a little
melodramatic.
What would you say
this is?
An attempt to gain control
of our space-based
communications,
which could cripple
our defense network,
rendering us powerless
in a war against
any number
of adversaries.
Yeah.
So, like I said...
How could he leave us
at a time like this?
"Senator Cooper."
I like
the sound of that.
I was hoping you'd think
it sounded ridiculous.
Why, honey?
I can't think of a better man
for the job.
Well, there are.
Which makes me wonder
why they want me.
There has to be a reason.
I can think of at least
three reasons
you're decent, honest, caring.
Reddington says it's because
I'm morally flexible,
that I can be counted on
to look the other way.
Raymond Reddington
is a bad person
and a worse
judge of character.
Just makes me want to bust,
a man like that judging
a man like you. Oh!
Hey. How about
you don't bust
and we focus on what we're
gonna say to the Governor?
Yeah. Ooh!
"Governor Cooper."
I like the sound
of that, too.
Almost as much
as "President Cooper."
Now, I love
the sound of that.
Mwah.
Senator, may I introduce
Assistant Director Cooper
and his wife, Charlene.
My pleasure
to meet you both.
You made
a wise choice.
She's as biased
as she is blunt.
Well, as she should be.
But you're not here to lobby.
I'm already a fan.
Please. Sit, sit, sit.
Thank you.
Thank you, dear.
I'm sorry to start this way,
but I'm working a case.
If it breaks,
I'll have to step away.
Sounds serious.
It is.
Unfortunately, I can't discuss
any of the details.
How marvelous. You're one of
the few people whose
access to classified intel
may be less when
you become a senator.
We were surprised to hear
that you were stepping down.
Well, don't tell anyone,
but I'm 68,
and I think it's time
to make way
for fresh blood,
new ideas.
But let's talk about you.
Well, that's my favorite
subject, Senator.
It's so counterintuitive...
I never would have considered
a lack of...
Oh, no, no, no, no!
Uh...
Please, please.
I insist.
If I'd known
you were paying,
I would have picked a much
more expensive bottle.
Mm. Well, I loved it.
What's it called again?
I don't know.
Some French red
that's just old enough to
go perfectly with chocolate.
Mm.
I think we've successfully
polished off all
the champagne truffles.
Did you try
the lavender ones?
I did.
I must say,
I found the lavender
to be a little
too much lavender.
Right?
It was.
There's not much
left here.
You're definitely
gonna need to get
something else
for your sister.
Maybe an "I Heart New York"
t-shirt.
Or a Statue of Liberty.
Or an Eiffel Tower.
They also sell those here.
So, tell me more
about your work.
You said you were
in the Navy?
That was a lifetime ago.
Now I have my own
business.
What do you do?
I consult.
Data profiling.
Operational guidance.
Client relocation.
Financial services.
That sounds mysterious.
Who do you consult for?
All sorts.
Past few years, I've had
a government contract.
Threat assessment
for the government.
That sounds like more fun
than Cottonwood Falls.
I don't know, Anne.
I think your life
sounds rather
balanced.
Thank you.
I like to think it is.
Do you like
Alfred Hitchcock?
Rear Window?
Strangers on a Train?
I saw The Birds.
I didn't like it.
Well, you're a bird-watcher.
Of course you didn't
like a movie
about gangs
of murderous birds.
What about
North by Northwest?
It's playing at
the Village East tomorrow,
midnight screening.
I fly out
tomorrow morning.
Change your flight.
Is that someone you know?
Yes. He's a colleague.
Work always seems
to find me.
I'm terribly sorry, Anne.
This has been the most
wonderful afternoon.
But I need to go.
And you have a curtain time
to make.
Hm, yes.
May we offer you a ride
back to the Sheraton?
Oh, no, no, no.
I think I'm gonna walk.
But promise me one thing,
that you'll at least consider
changing your flight.
If you do, you'll find me
waiting for you
under the marquee
at the Village East
tomorrow at midnight
with two tickets
for North by Northwest.
I will certainly
think about that.
Well, it's a sincere offer.
Hitch and I will be
tickled pink
if you decide to join us.
Thank you for the delicious
wine and chocolates.
Oh, my pleasure.
I'll get our coats.
Did you speak
with Zurich?
The assets
are available.
Then let's make a deal.
Thank you.
Task Force has done
yeoman's work.
Now, you are
to be commended.
Appointing him senator
is commendation enough.
If I am sworn in,
I'm gonna need an incredible
amount of guidance.
I'll do whatever I can
to help you.
I'm sure you feel
the same way.
Of course.
That's good to know,
because within two weeks
of your being sworn in,
you're gonna have to vote
on the Black Budget.
That's appropriations
for everything
from the CIA to the NSA.
The National
Reconnaissance Office?
These agencies are vital
to our national security.
What they do,
I'm not sure that even you
are classified to know about.
I know enough
to know their value.
When we vote
on the Black Budget,
we just vote
on a total number.
We don't get to see the line
items, we don't know where
the money goes, we don't know
what programs it pays for.
We're given a total number.
We are told to vote
yea or nay.
The number this year
is $80 billion.
So I'm asking for your promise
that you will vote yea.
Well, I'm sure I will.
I-I haven't given it...
Selecting my replacement
is up to the Governor,
but he's agreed not to pick
anybody over my objection.
I'm so sorry.
No. Go.
Give me time to get to know
your lovely wife better.
Tell me.
We picked up security footage
of Greeley canoodling
with a Russian spy
named Nina Kurylenko.
Does the Russia desk
have anything?
They have Kurylenko landing
in London a few hours ago.
I want you and Agent Park
there ASAP.
How are we on time?
Bidding closes
in seven hours.
Go. See if Kurylenko
knows anything.
****
I'm afraid
I have to go.
No problem.
As long as Charlene stays.
Promised myself
a two-martini lunch.
I'm only halfway
toward my goal.
I'll call you later.
All right, baby.
Thank you.
Harold, about
what I asked for...
I hope you'll agree to it.
I do so want this to work.
Sir, uh, here's
what you asked for.
That's it?
Just the total amount?
No itemized allocations?
Well, it's, uh,
called a Black Budget
for a reason, sir.
Thank you, Aram.
Yeah, I know the NRO gets
its funding this way.
Is, uh, is this
about Greeley?
Close the door
on your way out.
Okay.
I need you to do me a favor.
Shedding light
on the Black Budget?
That'll be fun.
Send Dembe what you have.
I'll give it a read
and make some calls.
As I was saying...
You weren't saying.
You were raining
all over my parade.
I understand what
she means to you,
what she represents,
but you walked away from an
ordinary life a long time ago.
Dembe, it's a movie.
She doesn't know
who you are.
She'll get hurt,
Raymond.
You don't want that.
The only person
who's going to get hurt
by our going to see
North by Northwest
is Martin Landau when
he falls off Mt. Rushmore.
****
Now, this damn deal.
Let's review the finer points.
You're sure
it's Kurylenko?
Sure as we can be.
I don't want to get too close,
but I'm telling you, it's her.
Sir, uh,
we're already out of time.
The bidding closed
an hour ago.
Move now.
If it's her, get her back
to the safe house
as quickly as possible.
****
Don't look now, but the woman
who's been watching you,
she's headed
our way now.
Hey, Park, you got a visual?
Can't see.
Give me a minute.
She's on the move.
****
Ressler!
She's running!
Headed south
toward the alley.
****
Nina Kurylenko.
Nice to meet you.
****
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
My name is Marjorie Ellis.
I'm a British national.
You're from England.
And you're from America.
You have
no jurisdiction here.
We know about
you and Greeley.
The hook-ups in Berlin.
That you're FSB.
You turned him.
Convinced him to steal
classified intel.
So, do us all a favor,
drop the act.
I have nothing to say.
We're not the people
you stiff, Nina.
We're the people you talk to.
Because if you don't,
we'll just hand you over
to the CIA.
They'll drop you into a hole
that doesn't exist.
Telling us what you know
is the only thing that stands
between you
and a deep, dark hole.
I'm supposed to believe
you want to help me?
I don't want to help you.
But I will if it gets us
to Greeley
before he sells that intel.
Now, if you help us
stop him in time,
I'll personally escort you
to the Russian embassy.
You have my word.
To hell with that.
We're not releasing her.
She's not our priority.
She's an enemy operative.
You don't get to decide
when to apply the law
and when to ignore it!
Greeley's about to compromise
national security.
It's worth letting her go
to protect that.
You clearly think so. I doubt
Main Justice will agree.
****
In about 10 minutes,
the CIA is gonna come
through that door.
You tell me where he is,
I'll handle it.
Why should I trust you?
You were assigned
to Greeley.
To convince him
to betray his country.
Talk to me, Nina.
You don't have much time.
The intel he stole, has he
sold it to you, to Russia?
He told me what it was
so I could assist
my government
in making a competitive bid.
But whether they bid
the most or not,
you brought me here
before I could find out.
So, you don't know who,
but do you know when or where?
To save yourself,
you have to give up Greeley.
I can't help him, Nina,
but I can help you.
If you help me.
The meeting to sell the intel.
Where's it gonna be?
Mongolia?
Meeting's in four hours.
Outside of Ulaanbaatar.
Kurylenko...
You believe her?
I do.
We have to get to Greeley
before he enters the country.
Too late.
He's already there.
Who's the buyer?
Kurylenko doesn't know,
but Mongolia sits
between Russia and China,
so my money's
on one of them.
The Mongolians aren't
gonna let us roll in
and start making arrests.
Even if they would,
we can't get there in time.
And if we tell the Mongolian
government the truth,
then we have to reveal
that Greeley's carrying
classified intel.
How do we know they won't
read it? Or copy it?
So we can't stop him ourselves
and we can't ask for help.
We're out of options.
What about the
Disposition Matrix?
The what?
It's the official term
for the federal Kill List.
Wait. So you're...
You're saying we should
assassinate him?
We could scramble a drone
from Kandahar.
And there's a difference
between assassination
and targeted killing
by the military.
Well, whatever you call it,
we'd still be executing
an American citizen
without due process.
Due process takes time.
If this is an act of war...
Is that what this is?
...are we supposed to risk
national security
to stop and ask a court
for permission?
Yes! We are!
I haven't seen
the Kill List used
in a case like this before.
Are we sure
it's even possible?
No. But we have
a duty to present
the facts to the NSC
while there's
still time to act.
Sir. Ressler. Guys. Come on.
You can't be okay with this.
Look, Aram,
we're out of options.
Call the White House.
Let them know I'm on the way.
Who's in there?
President's on the line
from Air Force One.
Chairman of
the Joint Chiefs.
Principals from
the National Security Council.
That includes
the Secretary of State
and Defense
by remote link.
Is the President
ordering a strike?
They're discussing
his authority.
****
Assistant Director Cooper.
Thanks for your patience.
We have a few questions.
Of course.
As you know,
all the targeted killings
carried out
in the last 20 years or so
have been connected to
the global War on Terror.
Yes.
President's authority derives
from the 2001 Authorization
to Use Military Force,
passed after 9/11.
Our concern is
that authority
doesn't apply here.
Greeley is not
a known terrorist.
He has no link
to Al Qaeda or ISIS
or any other
terrorist organization?
He appears to be acting
as an individual
for his own
financial gain.
That complicates the matter.
Under Article 2
of the Constitution,
the President has
the general power
to defend this country
from imminent attack.
The problem is, we don't know
how "imminent"
the attack might be.
That's true. Greeley isn't
selling a weapon.
He's selling intelligence
that may be used as a weapon.
And we're not at war with
any of the potential buyers.
We haven't declared war,
but that doesn't mean
an enemy hasn't
declared war against us.
If they're buying
our intelligence,
we have to assume
they intend to use it.
Are we really supposed to wait
until North Korea or Iran
has attacked us
with our own technology
before we can
defend ourselves?
Greeley's
an American citizen.
That means he has
a Constitutional right
to due process.
That right's
not absolute.
Sure, if he were in D.C.,
we'd arrest him,
but he made that impossible.
Our people can't
get there in time.
The U.N. Charter requires us
to notify the Mongolians
before executing a strike
on their soil.
We didn't notify
the Pakistanis
before we went
after Bin Laden.
We took
the position that
notification isn't needed
if the country involved
is "unwilling and unable"
to intervene.
We can't notify
the Mongolians, Diane.
We can't let anyone know
that intel's in play.
We also have no
extradition treaty.
Mr. President.
We have less than
three hours, sir.
If you intend to act,
we need to know now.
****
Where are you?
Waiting outside
the conference room.
It's almost time.
The Reaper should be
in position soon...
Assistant Director Cooper?
Screen's up.
****
That's Greeley's car.
He's en route
to the meeting point.
How sure are we?
We have confirmation
from cameras on the ground
in Ulaanbaatar.
Centcom Command,
this is Ames,
Chairman of
the Joint Chiefs.
How long
to the target?
Four mikes out.
We have an RQ-180
conducting surveillance
and an MQ-9
moving into position.
Be advised, we will not
go weapons free
until we have a visual
on the target and the buyer.
If someone's moving
against us,
I want to know
who the hell it is.
Roger that.
Target appears to be
arriving now.
Command,
how close can you get us?
Target confirmed.
What do we know about
the surrounding buildings?
We may have
a collateral-damage issue.
Unknown. We're working
to identify the occupants
as we speak.
Any strike needs
to happen outside.
We are not killing civilians
or government workers.
Stand by.
Two unknown subjects
moving toward Greeley.
Repositioning for visual.
****
Oh, my God.
Is that...
Raymond Reddington.
Mr. Greeley! Or Ogden.
Do you prefer Ogden?
Centcom Command,
standing by.
We're in position, sir.
Awaiting your orders.
You can't do this.
Say that again?
Raymond Reddington
is a-a criminal.
So?
So the President's decision
to authorize this strike
was clearly to protect
against a rival power,
an enemy nation-state
intent on using
our technology against us.
Reddington doesn't
have an army.
He can't take
a military action.
Maybe not, but he can sell it
to a country that can.
I have to say,
Mr. Reddington,
I never imagined
you could raise
this kind of capital.
I'm rather surprised myself.
Apparently, I have
a phenomenally high
criminal credit score.
Let's not talk here.
Why don't we move inside?
There's a strong argument
that Reddington's presence
fundamentally alters
our authorization to proceed.
So we do nothing?
We just let our most
sensitive intel
fall into the hands
of the world's
most wanted fugitive?
General Ames, sir,
they're on the move.
We need a decision, sir.
They're moving
out of our sight line.
Damn it!
Get the President
on the line. Now!
We have no clear shot.
We've lost visual.
Find them!
We have no assets
on the ground, sir.
There's no way for us
to track their movement.
You just put every American
in danger.
We'll find them, sir.
You have my word.
We'll do everything
in our power
to bring them in.
****
The Black Budget.
Here are the results
you were looking for.
I know Reddington acquired
Greeley's intel.
I could have prevented that
from happening,
but it would have required
killing you both.
****
Are you wondering if you
made the right decision?
How does he do it?
Find out about things that are
impossible to find out about?
He is a resourceful man.
You are a good one.
Whatever's in there,
I hope it doesn't prevent you
from accepting
the Governor's offer.
This country needs
a man like you.
****
Director.
Or should I say
Senator?
Would you give us
a moment?
Well, good news
enjoys company.
Then you should definitely go.
****
What's this?
The reason you wanted
my promise.
And the reason
I can't give it.
If you can't give it,
you won't be appointed.
When no one can see
how money gets spent,
it can get spent anywhere,
including a no-bid,
$100-million contract
to a company in which your son
is a principal owner.
My son?
This isn't about him.
This is about you, using
public money for private gain.
Whatever you think
you have here,
you have because
you broke the law.
Earmarks in the Black Budget
are classified.
Is that a threat?
That's advice.
Friendly advice that we forget
that we ever met,
for your sake.
I thought I had the right man
for the job, but clearly...
I was mistaken.
****
Warwick is a piece of gum
on the bottom of your shoe
and the Senate a wind tunnel
of self-indulgence.
What we do
is far more important.
Here.
The intel Greeley stole.
Luckily, I turned out
to be the highest bidder.
If your plan was to buy it,
why even give us the case?
Oh, don't sell yourself short,
Harold.
The Bureau, on occasion,
can be somewhat helpful.
In this case,
as a re-sale market.
You want to sell us
our own intel?
Yes.
For $200 million.
175. Friends
and family discount.
What did you pay for it?
150.
What's a small mark-up
between family and friends?
I'll see if I can get you 155.
For the intel and a thank you.
We knew Greeley was selling
the intel in Mongolia.
To prevent it, I got
the President to order
a drone strike on him and
whoever he was selling to.
You invoked the federal
Kill List?
Yes.
And because you kept
your endgame secret,
you were nearly vaporized.
155 it is.
And I thank you.
I'm sorry about the Senate.
He was right.
Because of
our relationship,
Warwick assumed
I'd be morally ambiguous.
He assumed wrong.
Did he? I'm not so sure.
You accept that
the world is gray.
That's a virtue, not a vice.
I know the Task Force
does good work.
I know people like Greeley
are a threat to the country
and we keep them
off the street.
But then I think about
what else I do.
Ordering a drone strike
on an American citizen
without due process,
not reporting Agent Keen's
criminal activities.
You've taken
calculated risks
which have been
amply rewarded.
Whether that's true,
only time will tell.
What I know now
is that working with you
has changed me.
It's changed all of us.
None of us are the same people
we were when this began.
I'm not the same, either.
I'm better.
I think
you're the reason why.
You could've said yes
to Warwick,
told him
you'd vote his way,
then go back on your word
once you'd been sworn in.
That's what some people
would've done.
Hell, that's what most people
I know would have done.
But not you, Harold.
You could've made a promise
that you never
intended to keep
and become
a United States senator.
But you didn't.
Because your word
is your bond.
Very few people
can say that.
When you put it like that,
I'm almost glad I didn't drop
a Reaper on your head.
What will Charlene do
when you tell her
you turned down Warwick?
She'll be sad.
For about 10 minutes.
Then she'll shrug,
make some popcorn,
and we'll fall asleep watching
an episode of The Chi.
That's it?
That's it.
That's what
ordinary people do.
You should try it sometime.
An ordinary life.
It's really
quite extraordinary.
****
Raymond?
Anne.
I am so terribly sorry.
Is everything okay?
No, it's not.
It's work.
I'm afraid I'm not going to
be able to make it tonight.
Oh.
Okay.
It's not a big deal.
Yes, it is.
I asked you to stay,
to change your plans.
Raymond, don't worry.
It's okay.
I didn't change my plans.
I just got home
a few hours ago.
Oh. I see.
****
I had such a lovely time
together.
Oh, I did, too.
Perhaps we'll meet up
again sometime.
In the park.
I'll be sure to look
for that fox sparrow for you.
You do that.
Let me know
if you find him.
I will.
Goodbye, Anne.
Goodbye.
****
**